the feminism of Freedom definitively won
over the feminism of Care at the point
where a new technology came into the
picture which allowed us medically to
flatten those diff those irreducible
differences between the Sexes or so it
seemed to the point where really there
was no reason not to argue for a
feminism of freedom and that technology
was uh hormonal birth control which led
inexorably towards the legalization of
abortion it was extremely unusual for
for a feminist to support abortion in
the 19th century but by the middle of
the 20th century the popularization of
hormonal birth control had paradoxically
increased the number of unplanned
pregnancies simply because there was
more sex happening and women began
increasingly to see it as a matter of
social justice